# Privacy Policy

Privacy Policy for Google Analytics on White Rabbit Academy

White Rabbit Academy values the privacy of our visitors and is committed to protecting their personal information. We use Google Analytics to better understand how our website is used and to improve the user experience.

Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics uses cookies, which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors' use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for White Rabbit Academy.

White Rabbit Academy does not use Google Analytics to track or collect personal information. Google Analytics does not provide White Rabbit Academy with access to the specific data of individual users, but instead provides aggregated data on the overall use of the website.

You can choose to opt-out of Google Analytics tracking by installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. This add-on instructs the Google Analytics JavaScript not to send information to Google Analytics.

By using White Rabbit Academy, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy and use of Google Analytics, please contact us.
